hey this is my I come here at Van
Underwood Chrysler Jeep Dodge Ram in
white bill North Carolina and I'm
checking out a 2015 Jeep renegade at
night and this one I've got all the
lights turned on and here's the the
front here and you can see it has the
round headlights it's got the side
marker and also have the fog lights
turned on so you can see what they look
like here in the front you got a side
marker there now let's take a look at
the back there's the back there
you see it's got the signature renegade
ex there here in the back
taillights
let's see what the turn signals look
like
here in the front
pretty nothing really special there but
let's look at the back okay so the whole
thing flashes very bright - all right
let's go ahead and turn that off
and the slippin up the
hatch here
all right
so here in the back everything's black
so it's kind of hard to see but we put
my hand here so there is some
illumination from the satellites here
there's two lights one on each side
there's also a center dome light there
so
they just turn it on night-night mode so
you can kind of see in the dark here is
what it's supposed to look like it's
really hard to see at nighttime with the
with everything else solid black now if
there's stuff laying here you would be
able to see the stuff here because it's
reflecting like my hand here so I'm
going to go ahead and turn the night
shot off all right so let's go ahead
look here on the back seat you do have a
illuminated out power window button
there no other illumination on the door
that I can tell give you some context
here I'm looking at
and here's the seats basically the dome
light is the only thing any kind of
light is the only light that you see in
the back here in the back seat which
it's with the naked eye it's let's see
if I can turn this up at all turn out
the brightness
I don't know if you can tell look so
black on the viewfinder but uh once
again let me give you some context here
what I'm looking at
that's the seat there now it does have
pretty good decent alight so just
looking at it I'm hoping it picks up on
the camera here but it's just a one
source of light so look in here on the
inside of the door we do have a little
bit of ambient light behind the handle
here and we've got your door lock
control door locks and all the different
controls here on the door or backlit
which is really easy to find and see
you've got a light that's coming down
here into that bottle holder so you can
kind of see there
and you know you've got the dome light
and stuff in here
let me go and hop in
all right now so now sitting behind the
wheel you can see the steering wheel
buttons are all backlit there's the
gauges I have everything
like why I blasted open with the the
demo I can I can say like dim that down
but just for I guess i dim it down to
more of a normal level and there's your
dimmer switches let me give you some
context here's the dimmer switch is here
and the headlight controls and stuff so
this one here dims down the lights this
one's more from the ambient light and
the ambient light is what's in the doors
it's also the cup holders here that you
can
scroll that up and down and get that
brighter or or not
here's your radio the knobs are backlit
these are all backlit very nicely look
them it looks really nice
there's your shifter we give you some
context and it's kind of dark right here
is where I'm aiming at you see it's got
the backlit everything there and here's
down here with the parking brake is and
the cupholders and you can see that
looks pretty good now for the center
console I'm going to lift it up it does
have au illuminated USB and um but other
than that it's pitch dark you can see
it's kind of dark in there but uh
there's that and let's see here
glove compartment it's got a nice big
bright light in there it's gonna put the
junk in there much paperwork and
everything in there but does have a
decent light and these are tap lights
basically you can turn those on and off
here so if you need a quick light now
one thing is it does have this real soft
ambient light here that comes down and
it's come there there's a lot of lights
here at the dealership this kind of
shine in that's kind of overpowering
this but in a really dark situation that
little ambient light should give you
some really super soft light down in
this area here so you can see you know a
little bit of light here just to kind of
kind of help you out with navigating
your hands and everything around in the
vehicle or you're sitting here
all right I think that's about it on
this particular vehicle if you have any
questions about you know anything in the
video if there's anything that is not
clear please give me some feedback and
you know of course you know questions
and comments are always encouraged so
alright thanks for watching see you next
time